1	vaccinations needed before I come to Doha ? I am in the process of coming over to work in Doha . I wanted to know if their were any specific shots and vaccinations I should get before coming over . I want to try and get these things completed before I leave the us . any insight would be much appreciated .
2	yes there are ; though it varies depending on which country you come from . in the UK ; the doctor has a list of all countries and the vaccinations needed for each . I 'll imagine they have the same in the us .
3	I suggest going to visit your local GP and mention that you are moving to Qatar . they should have in their system what shots you need before coming over . it is usually for hepatitis and thyfoid I think -LRB- please excuse the spelling -RRB-
4	it depends what you have had already . you do n't specifically need any extra vaccinations as long as you are up to date with the usual ones you have in the UK -LRB- not sure about us -RRB- but you can have rabies as optional if you want . although there is no requirement or need to have any extra protection here ; it is important to remember that lots of people travel East on holidays and if you do you will need the standard typhoid ; yellow fever ; etc . children need to have been vaccinated against TB before they can start school . in the UK they no longer give BCG so important to get that done before you come .
5	as I said ; the official advice is that you do n't have to ; however ; they may offer you rabies ; typhoid and Hep B as an option . as they no longer boost Tetanus as routine ; you would have to have a booster before coming . that said ; the UK has a vey hands off approach to immunisation at the moment as most diseases are sufficiently covered by herd immunity -LRB- where because the majority have been vaccinated the people who have n't are covered to a large extent -RRB- and cases are low . personally as long as there is a low risk ; I would have all the vaccinations I could ; why not ?
6	we came from here from the us and had Hep a ; typhoid ; and Tdap -LRB- combined Tetanus ; Diptheria ; Pertussis -RRB- on top of the usual program . the Hep a was a two dose one ; given six months apart . we went to our local Kelsey-Seybold clinic there and were given an international certificate of vaccination as approved by the world health organisation . '' there 's this thing called being so open-minded your brains drop out '' . - Richard Dawkins
7	can I bring my pitbulls to Qatar ? I am considering getting a job in Qatar and I have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls . apparently this breed is banned . would I have trouble importing them ? if anything happened to the dogs ; my husband would die ; and he will not leave them in Canada if we go away . so I have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job .
8	if they are ' banned ' ; as you suggest ; then it obviously means that your are not allowed to bring them into Qatar .
9	they are definitely banned in Qatar ... so as LP said ; how do you want to import something which is banned ? custom is not going to let them in ... frankly speaking ; for me it sounds a bit nonsense '' very well behaved people friendly pitbulls '' . . as for me ; these two do n't come together ; it 's either '' very well behaved people friendly '' or '' pitbulls '' . . sorry ; eh ? ... hope your husband wo n't be able to figure out my real name and address . . :-RRB-
10	yes you can bring it but be careful this kind of dog is very very very dangerous . because I have one that my friend brought it to my last year from Kuwait . you can talk to Doha airport to be sure about that .
11	how cold is Doha during winter ? I am just curious how cold is Doha during winter ?
12	8-10 degrees I guess ? more than the temp its the wind that makes u go crazy ...
13	in 2006 it was a lovely winter . it was dark ; cloudy and rained for almost every day in December . we got trapped in Doha on new years Eve and were unable to get to Dukhan such was the torrential rain . it rained on and off until April and then warmed up . the coldest night was 5C but generally 7C . I remember it rained when my parents were here and that was April 2007 . this last winter was n't very cold at all ; only a few days of rain and never really got below 10C at night . I love winters here ; they are so cosy . on the down side ; houses are not built for winter so prepare to freeze and get leaks driping everywhere . the roads do n't drain very well so very wet .
14	winter here in Qatar is very nice ; sunny in the morning and afternoon ; cool at night . some times you feel of cold and you need heater . but in general ; it is lovely season . at least you can enjoy walking
15	child seat belts . while driving in Doha last night I witness a sad incident . a man was driving with his child on his lap . he had to make an emergency stop and his Childs head impacted the steering wheel . the poor child was bleeding and crying . many times I have seen children not properly secured in vehicles . is there not a law regarding child safety in vehicles here in Qatar ?
16	there is a law . no children under 10 in the front seats . unfortunately this law is not enforced . did you take the guys license plate # and report him ? maybe if he got a large fine it would impact him rather than his child . poor child has an idiot for a parent .
17	yes there is a law ; unfortunately ; not too much enforcement and some people are too arrogant to follow . . I see lots everyday . .
18	car seats . what carseat brands are available in Qatar ? I & # 180 ; m just not sure if I should bring the kids carseats from Norway ; not sure how the airlines will treat the seats ; and are a bit worried that they will break them .
19	while car seats are available in Qatar ; they 're bound to be pricier than the ones you have already ; and the selection will not exactly '' wow '' you . unfortunately I ca n't tell you what brands are available here since I have n't paid them any attention . I brought my two Britax Boulevards with us from the U.S. and they came through fine . I do recommend purchasing car seat travel bags if you can find them in Norway because it will definitely help keep the cloth cover in better shape . if you ca n't find them ; though ; the airline will put it in a very heavy-duty plastic bag . hope that helps ; expat Sue & # 241 ; o P.S. I am starting a mums and kids group here in Doha for expats . be sure to get in touch with me when you arrive -LRB- or before if you have any questions -RRB- . we 'll have playgroups ; mums night out ; and Expectant moms group ; etc . there are no dues or anything like that ... just fun : o -RRB-
20	we brought ours from the UK . . we just bubble wrapped it and checked it in with the rest of the lugguage simple as that . he who DARES WINS
21	kid with Guardian . any one knows ; is it allowed to keep one year old kid in the lap of her mom in the front seat -LRB- not in the driving seat ; of course -RRB- ?
22	no anyone under 10 is not alowed to sit infront .
23	no it is against the new driving laws thank God '' I fight with love and I laugh with rage ; you have to live light enough to see the humor and long enough to see some change . '' Ani Difranco
24	I guess the first question would be-why would you ? but ; you can not have your children in the front seat with you .
25	any private beaches in Qatar ? any private beaches in Qatar ? let me know if I can take my booze for beach party
26	while going to Shammal after 40 km from Doha you will find Al Gawariya resort ; beautiful on sea side and open beach to play around ; you will love to go again and again ; have fun .
27	there is a private beach on North -LRB- Shamal -RRB- road at 83 exit . the place name is ghaariya . you have to take right at this exit and go further 1 km till you reach an intersection . in this intersection again take right and go further until first left comes . on first left you r gon na see a big radar anteena . the private beach is just beside this big anteena . note : this beach is either for couples or families .
28	where can I get to buy a goldfish here ? I tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !
29	you may find different types of fish and gold fish in Aqua art shop along Salwa road just opposite of hardees .
30	the shop name is Goldenfish leading to MANSOORA from Najma area . the Tel no . @TEL ask for Aseela . I myself bought from them very good and very resonable price . they have acqatic plants too .
31	also try souq Waqif . .
32	you can go to Al Nasser area beside family food center you can find different kind of fish ... anyway if you can not find there just go to fish market ... joke dude ...
33	what is Homoglobin ? please anone explain me regading Homoglobin bcz doctor told me your homoglobin is low ! thanks
34	Hemoglobin is the protein molecule in red blood cells that carries oxygen from the lungs to the body 's tissues and returns carbon dioxide from the tissues to the lungs . the iron contained in hemoglobin is responsible for the red color of blood . you should eat alot of green vegitables and salads ; your hb will come up dont worry ...
35	Heamoglobin is a component of the blood . if you are deficient in it ; it means that if you have an accident or cut yourself ; you will bleed easier and for a longer period of time .
36	Homoglobin is a prejudice against globin ... its actually haemoglobin ; a Deficiency can be due to many factors ... if you are deficient you are known as being anaemic ... Google it for more details ...
37	hi ; I am sure most of the guyz answered your query ; if you need more details ; read the follwoing : the role of the red blood cells is to carry oxygen through the body . the red blood cells can perform this task because of the presence of hemoglobin ; the pigment that is formed when the red blood cells develop in the bone marrow . each hemoglobin molecule is made up of a protein molecule called globin and four pigmented molecules of a compound called heme . each heme molecule has one Atom of iron ; and there are four heme molecules in a single molecule of hemoglobin ; hence ; a single molecule of hemoglobin has four atoms of iron . this structure makes it possible for one hemoglobin molecule to join with four oxygen molecules to form a substance called oxyhemoglobin . this reaction is reversible ; enabling hemoglobin to pick up oxygen when the blood is in the lungs and to release oxygen in the cells when the blood is pumped to the tissues . in general ; the blood of men usually has a greater concent
38	Hemoglobin is a protein that is carried by red cells . it picks up oxygen in the lungs and delivers it to the peripheral tissues to maintain the Viability of cells . Hemoglobin is made from two similar proteins that '' stick together '' . both proteins must be present for the hemoglobin to pick up and release oxygen normally . one of the component proteins is called alpha ; the other is beta . before birth ; the beta protein is not expressed . a hemoglobin protein found only during fetal development ; called gamma ; substitutes up until birth .
39	Hemoglobin is the protein molecule in red blood cells that carries oxygen from the lungs to heart and to continue the Inhaling and Exhaling Proccess . they are responsible of healing any kind of cut ; they stop the blood flow and they are also reponsible to open any kind of plaque inside vains to prevent heart attacks . if you smoke Hemoglobin will carry the necotin every where it goes because Necotine get stuck on the hemoglobin and reduce its functions so the hemoglobin wont be holding much oxygen in every breathing proccess thats why we see people who smokes breathes more than natural people when they do any activity . there body needs Oxygen but the hemo . aint functioning in the way they have to .
40	Hemoglabin is one of spideman 's enemy . . oh I think that 's greengoblin . just kidding ; definition of Hemoglabin Hem '' o * glo '' Bin -LRB- ? -RRB- ; n . -LSB- Hemo - + globe . -RSB- -LRB- Physiol . -RRB- the normal coloring matter of the red blood corpuscles of vertebrate animals . it is composed of hematin and globulin ; and is also called h & # 230 ; matoglobulin . in arterial blood ; it is always combined with oxygen ; and is then called oxyhemoglobin . it crystallizes under different forms from different animals ; and when crystallized ; is called h & # 230 ; matocrystallin .
41	recycling places in Doha . hello to all ! to get rid of my collected old bottles ; paper ; glasses and so on I ask you - where can I find some recycling places in Doha ? I know this sphere is not very advanced in that state . please tell me exact locations ; with things I can bring to and if necessary the business hours ! P.S. please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling . I want to do it anyway !
42	try to contact Q clean
43	Al bidda park has recycling bins for paper ; plastic and glass . the recycling bins are located towards the back of the park ; on the opposite side of the corniche . hope that helps !
44	thats right + we also have got recycle thing is Dahal Al Hamam park wch is close to Landmark mall X
45	there are recycling bins for plastic and paper in education City too . but park is better idea as there are bins for aluminium and glass as well . I think there should be a recycling awareness campaign on QL .
46	Qatar national day . hi ; just wanted to confirm Qatar 's national day . is it 18th of December ? thanks .
47	yes ; it is 18th Dec .
48	yes its 18th December . -LRB- before it was September 3 -RRB-
49	confirmed love is the answer ...
50	it surely is 18th Dec but plz can someone tell me how can national day of any country change ever ? . * . . '' they walk among us . they vote & they even reproduce '' . .
51	day 18 December is the actual day of founding the state of Qatar and on September 3 is on Independence day which Qatar was free from from British colonialism . for those who say that Qatar has not changed ; then I must say you are new to the country ; have you ever been to alwasil before 5 years ? did you see the diplomatic area before 5 years ? if not go and have a look my friend !
52	us embassy Qatar . how to get to us embassy Qatar ? I am set for an appointment and I do not know the driving directions . need your help :-RRB- thanks in advance !
53	if you are coming from Lulu GARAFA new high way road side to ... there coming Madinat Khalifa bridg . fter cross it may be 400m to 600m in your right hand side ... ok ... if you cont reach there so do contact with me 77501650 . thank you
54	you should state your point of origin . or follow the instructions as above mentioned : open Google maps ; Google for us embassy in Qatar and folow the directions to get there @URL regards !
55	Comimg from Villagiio down to Al Saad ; take the left turn on Mobil petrol station signal -LRB- it will be on ur right hand ; there is also SIXT rental car -RRB- ; take left from that signal ... then you drive straight I guess around 3 roundabouts ... I dont remember exactly unfortunately . then you take a right turn till the end of the road and make again right ... you will be on the new road ; but take the side road and drive straight . the embassy will be on your right hand . please make sure with the map ; I just gave you approx . direction . I was there on October ; cant remember the exact turns . good luck !
56	if you are coming to the roundabout passports from the City of Doha turn to the left of the roundabout to the new road will find the location of the embassy to the right of the street after the 1000 km
57	NOC vs . family visa . hi ; please can you help ; my wife does not have NOC from Qatar Airways ; but we are married now so can I bring her legally on my family visa as her husband ? thanks !
58	yes it is possible . new married certificate need to be attested from embassy and foregin affairs Qatar thats all . its possible . for ladies this doesnt matter
59	yes you can .
60	as long as she does n't intend to work during the time that she is oficially ' banned ' -LRB- from working = 2 years from cancellation of her work visa -RRB- she can enter the country legally on your sponsorship -LRB- spouse dependent visa -RRB- .
61	yes you can kapila . easy to do - you just need to give the new sponsor -LRB- when she finds a job -RRB- a n o-o bjection letter which states that you allow her to take up employment .
62	Discos in Qatar . friends anybody knows anything about disco bars in Qatar ? thanks
63	Qube . Rocking . jammed pack aroud 3000 ppl every night . QL ladies love this joint .
64	French speaking nursery . does anyone know if there is a French speaking nursery in Doha ? if so do you have contact details ? thanks Percy
65	there is a French school here . do n't know the ages but my neighbor 's 3 yr old goes there . also ; Tots corner nursery has French and Arabic lessons . Tots corner - 468 8008 @EMAIL -LRB- email -RRB- French school - 496 4300 @EMAIL
66	my friends in Doha register their daughter to Perles d'avenir nursery and they really recommend me . I was suspicious about the nurseries in Qatar ; in security ; hygien ; education ... I really took time to decide and after tryed in Perles d'Avenir ; I am amazingly happy and assured . it 's a wonderful environnement with honest ; open mind ; communication ; and strict norm of hygien ; security ; healthy ... I really love this place for my best thing that I never had : my daughter ! and what else for her that the best of caring ! I really recommend ! for anyone interested ; they have website @URL -LRB- it 's in French ; few things in English or contact them - phone on website -RRB-
67	I registered my child and I love so much this nursery ; I 'm very happy to find a place there ! I have the phone of Perles d'avenir nursery is @TEL .
68	I registered my child and I love so much this nursery ; I 'm very happy to find a place there ! I have the phone of Perles d'avenir nursery is @TEL .
69	medical test . hi all ; are hepatitis B & c checked for in the medical test for non-medical professionals ? basically ; I have been getting conflicting information on this . some say that Hep B & c are tested for everyone applying for residence permit . others say that only medical professionals ; primary school teachers and food HANDLERS are tested for Hep B & c . please discuss !
70	medical check is for everyone mate give me some SunShine ... give me some rain give me another chance ... I wan na grow up once again
71	the test is done for everyone ; but is restricted to the above categories u mentioned .
72	regardless what your job is ... everybody gets tested for hepatitis B/C cheers never say never
73	as I told u hepatitis B/C are checked for everyone applying for residence permit . if the result is positive u go back where u came from . and I know all of the above because my husband is a consultant pathologist . cheers '' never say never
74	I have visiting visa for work ; so can I drive ; I have Egyptian license ? I have visiting visa for work ; so can I drive ; I have Egyptian license ?
75	no you can not . . if you have international driving license you can ... anyway I do n't know exactly just check with rent a car shop near by your area . .
76	no you can not . . if you have international driving license you can ... anyway I do n't know exactly just check with rent a car shop near by your area . .
77	no . you cant drive with other then GCC license . I also think that I can but law is clear . you need to make all procedure to exchange or make Qatari an driving license . be sure all stories that you can drive is wrong . if you make any accident then you will see the problems . best wishes . P.S. if you go to make driving license and you fall ... make like I was ... give to sudani man big boss there some money and this is it . I give 1000 QAR and in 3 time I get licence . this is not secret just life in Doha . CORRUPTION every where . can you imagine that I fall 2 times at driving tests like I dont know how to drive ... I have in my 50 years more then 20 diff . nice good cars ... and I have more then 26 years driver lic . and more then 1.000.000 km behind me in all Europe countries ... not like new comer Indian people who use bicycle before and now make so many accident in Doha . every day I see 5-6 accident . driver ? so sorry just true-Indian . good luck in driving with proper documents . penalty is tooooo
78	if you are on a visiting visa and and you have an international driver license you can use it for 6 month I guess . if you get the permanent residence you can not use the int driver license anymore .
79	Mr. Calculator consumes major space for the same answer which is not helping the person with right answer ?! ; you can not drive a car with Egypitian licence here ; as a visitor first 10 days you can drive but later you need to take a temporary driving licence for 3 months . you have to pay 100 riyal for every month and need to take eye-test for this licence .
80	no ; you can not drive ; you should have a GCC license not Egyptian .
81	driving with USA license . I visiting Doha for a week and intend to rent a car . is it legal to drive using USA driver license or do I need and international one ?
82	the rental companies ask for an international license .
83	get international driver license .
84	even if you have a international license ; you need to get a temporary license from traffic department . when you are in Doha ; get the application for temporary license and submit it to the Madinat Khalifa traffic department along with copy of your us license and passport pages showing your identity and visa page you might need to get an NOC from the sponsor -LRB- typed in Arabic -RRB- if you visit here under visa from some company or sponsor . best way is to ask the rental car company to assist you to get it .
85	if you in VIST visa you can drive ; but if you want to cavnt to Qatari ; so you can apply easly just VIST to traffic dept and ask for new one .
86	supposedly the us license is good for -LRB- 7 -RRB- days . an international license is good for -LRB- 6 -RRB- months . they are easily obtained from AAA for about $ 15 . after -LRB- 6 -RRB- months and likely before then you would need to go for a Qatar drivers license .
87	I recommend that you go to a AAA agency and get an international license . driving here in Doha is pretty dangerous - so I recommend you take every measure to protect yourself . it is pretty easy and not costly . see you when you get here !
88	where does your dog stay in Qatar when you & # 8217 ; re away ? hello Qatarliving ! my family and I will be away for vacation . please tell me about the reliable places in Doha where you put your dog in when you & # 8217 ; re out of town ! I don & # 8217 ; t know where to take him and I don & # 8217 ; t trust anyone to do that for me :--LRB-
89	call paul Hensen . his number 487 7144 and mobile 667 5235 . you can say Sam 's Mum recommended him -LRB- his daughter and my son in the same class at school -RRB- .
90	ok ; I have a cat . but we take him to pampered pets whenever we travel . they also board dogs ... the do a great job ; and I know lots of people who take their animals there . if your dog is social ; he can play with the other dogs each day . if not ; he can stay by himself . they cater to each individual animal and know them by name . -LRB- I 'm '' Rackety 's owner '' -- they know him ; not me ! -RRB- the only catch is that they book up really far in advance . call as far in advance as you can to book your space . website : @URL you can see photos of the place and get all the details there . they are way out of town ; but will pick up your dog if you ca n't make it out there .
91	Calle Poppy - Janet from Paws and claws . her number is 528 6335 . she might still have place . when you go away you should idealy book your dogs in early in the year ; because at this time the places are almost fully booked up . X
92	I want to adopt a dog ... I want someone to share my life with ... but I want Labrador Retriever . . is there any chance I can find here in Qatar ?
93	check out QAWS . they have quite a few dogs for adoption .
94	experience necessary for NHA license ? hello guy . want to take NHA licensure -LRB- Nurse -RRB- here in Qatar but I dont have any work experience in the Philippine . ' m currently working here now as a nurse in a construction company for almost 1y . ill NHA allowed me to take Licensure here even if I do n't have the necessary experience required ? help pleas . Hanks a lot and godbless . .
95	you must have two years of work experience to apply for the license . you can work for another year and carry on with it . since you are on company sponsorship I think you can work for another year and then apply . hope this helps
96	you might have a problem getting an NHA license because of lack of experience . your employer might even be in trouble for employing you even though you do n't have a license to work as nurse here in Qatar .
97	you should n't be working anywhere in Qatar without an NHA license ; so continuing in your current job for another year & then showing that to NHA as work experience may not be the best idea because as of now you are working illegally ! ... you need to have minimum 2 years work experience outside Qatar before coming here ; if you could be employed legally here without an NHA license ; what 's the point of them conducting the exam ? ... so if you want to legally work in Qatar ; go back to your home country -LRB- does n't matter where as long as you work legally . -RRB- ; get two years legal work experience then come back here ; get your degree ; certificates & work experience reviewed by dataflow ; then apply to take the Licensure exam ...
98	I think work experience is not a prerequisite for taking the NHA exam that is now handled by prometric . you can try to schedule the exam online . however ; there 's no point of taking the exam without the required work experience since it is one of the requirements to get NHA license . Moreover ; if you pass the exam ; the validity is only for 2 years ; otherwise you have to take it again .
99	Indian wedding outfit -LRB- Lehnga -RRB- ? hi ; I am gon na get married soon so I was wondering if anyone knew where I am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks
100	I dont think you get good ones in Doha . are you looking for white ? mostly wedding dresses in India comes in bright colors mostly in red . you can do a Google search there are some Indian designers who take online orders . try Dana centre in souq they have some heavy Lacha/Lehnga material ... not sure if someone here can stich it properly .
101	can a wife sponsor his husband here ? hi ! just want to know if a wife can sponsor his husband here ? my friend is asking . all I know is that a husband as well as a father can . but I 'm not sure whether a wife can . thanks
102	possible only if government employed . that 's what I heard .
103	that is not a problem ; I got several friends that are sponsored by their wife 's .
104	n . think not possible ... but u just try ... may B it can ...
105	it certainly is possible ... I sponsor my husband ...
106	if the wife is working ... yes she can sponsor her husband here like what my officemate did last year . . she sponsored her husband and now the husband is also working here and after nine months they were able to get their daughter ... so now they are one happy family here in Doha :--RRB-
107	sponsorship does not matter about gender ; it depends on salary ; educational qualification and RP of sponsorer . ok .
108	license for an on-husband-sponsor . hi ; I need to have a driving license but m an on-husband-sponsor and dat my husband doesnt have a license . so ; can I apply for the license or my husband need to acquire it prior to me . ?
109	no need husband license u can apply husband ID card copy need and NOC from hursband thats it
110	Umrah visa for Qatar visitors . does anybody know when Saudi embassy will open Umrah visa for visitors ? this is very urgent please reply if anybody has information about this . thanks in advance .
111	I think they stop for visit visa to travel for Umrah only resident people can go any time .
112	colour blind acceptable by QP ? hey ; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to QP ?
113	dude u shud be fine ... colors is not one of the tests u get when u get ur medical . . one of the dudes in my dept is completely color blind and it was never an issue . . but then again he 's a lawyer . . but I think its fine . . I will ask at the office tmro tho to be 100 % sure and let u know . . Cheerios . . '' he who reigns within himself and rules passions ; desires ; and fears is more than a king .
114	3rd cousin relationship ; possible ? is 3rd cousin relationship already accepted in church or in society ? I mean like '' lovers '' ...
115	even the thought of it is a sin ... yaiiiks !
116	I think in the UK it 's legal for cousins to be '' lovers '' . but any closer relation than that is illegal . here I believe it 's more common .
117	looking at this diagram I 'd say 3rd cousins are so far apart there 's no problem . and as I said ; I think the UK even allows 1st cousin relationships .
118	jumping on red light . does anyone know what the penalty is for jumping on the red light ? thanks !
119	yeah its only Qrs . 6000 / - plus 7 points ... so please slow down near the signals and watch out for the blinking green light . I wish all of u all the best ... Eid Mubarak ...
120	and a fine of between QR 6K to 50K . better go to MOI.gov for accurate details . its pretty scary the penalties for this violation . they can even deport you . drive safely and stay away from trouble ;--RRB- '' waiting is an art ; timing is everyting
121	yeah man ; is only QAR 6000 ; - so give this money to the governtment or u can spend this amount of money to your loved one/family or unfortune people around . your choice man . . my advise drive carefully .
122	what is the monthly salary ? what is the monthly salary paid by oil companies such as Qatar Petroleum ; Qatar gas ; shell ; Dolphin energy ; etc for an expatriate Mechanical engineer with 28 years of working experience in the oil & gas industry ?
123	well I can answer u tha . was working with one recruitment company where v used to employ people from all parts of the world for oil & gas SECTO . had witnessed some people of ur calibure demanding upto 40000 + car + housing allowance + other benefits ... if u r a Westerner then u have a upper han . can demand more and can negotiate furthe . nd sorry I cant tell u the name of the company where v placed our candidates . but v worked for almost all major comapnies of here . o good luck !
124	hi there . . with 28 years experience on these companies more than 25000Qatari riyals excluding accommodation and car ... good luck !
125	28years of working experience will surely lead u to some senior or supervisor post ... & Moreover a manager to . as I have been working with oil & gas company prior to my present employment ; I guess ; you will be offered atleast QAR 32 ; 000 -LRB- basic -RRB- & will have a very high accomodation allowance from which you will be able to save really goo . !
126	28 yrs of experience sure will land you with a min salary of 30K plus all the allowances ~ probably more good luck ~
127	hey Djmix ; well I know you 're right saying that it is Confidential ; but we are trying to help qatarprospect . anyway ; I also work in an oil & gas company as a maintenance planner ; and am paid well . I would recommend you to join RasGas ; where you get a annual ticket fares -LRB- whether you go or not ; you actually get around 4 ; 000 more -RRB- ; get a paid annual vacation -LRB- recieve your salary even when you are on holidays for those expenses -RRB- ; accomodation provided with free electricity and local phone call bills ; and too much more benefits . for a Mechanical engineer will be around QAR 26 ; 000 . and you also get to live in a world-class peaceful community ; also known as the Al Khor community ; with families of QatarGas ' and RasGas ' employees . all the benefits in RasGas are also provided in QatarGas ; but RasGas has a bit more higher salary and you get monthly trips to sealine beach resort for Quad-biking and jet skiing ; and also get PSP 's ; expensive mobile phones etc . hope you get a good job and hope I
128	visiting my boyfriend . I 'm an American woman . my boyfriend is Egyptian who lives and works in Doha . I 'm coming for a visit in June . I know that living together is not allowed . is there going to be any issue about coming for a visit to see him ? thanks for your responses .
129	blue eyes ; you just come and have a good time ; do n't honestly think you will have any problems ; have sent you a PM :-RRB-
130	flight benefits for Qatar Airways employees . I am seriously considering working for Qatar Airways but do n't seem to be able to find out what kind of flight benefits they offer for their employees and family . anyone who know more about this or if they even offer flight benefits ? I know it is not the most important part of the contract but all other airlines offer it ! thanks . .
131	yeah ; you get free flights but you have to give out a few drinks/food and clear away a bag of vomit to get the free flights ; and the destination probably is n't where you would choose but hey its a flight ... mmmmm free flight to Thiruvananthapuram ... nice . .
132	u will get free flights but they will charge you some percentage -LRB- within 6 months - 1 time -RRB- I heard like that .
133	huh ? FOC ticket once a yr and the rest will be rebated travel on subload basis ... Life 's too short so make the most of it ; you only live but once ...
134	each employee is entitled to a free return air ticket within QR network for herself/himself ; and her/his family -LRB- depending on one 's grade -RRB- . which class they are entitled to is also dependent on the grade . they are also entitled to purchase discounted tickets ; but that is on sub-load basis meaning the the seats are not confirmed and one could be bumped out in the last moment in case flights are full . it 's an industry practice .
135	what is Qtel customer service number . what is Qtel customer service number ?
136	call 111 and follow the instructions .
137	111
138	call 111 ... and hold the line for at least 30 minutes before being answered . enjoy Q-tel music .
139	call 111
140	111 . but you are better off visiting their shop personally . . unless you are a very patient person and prefer waiting half an hour in their customer care Hotline . . :P
141	111 - customer service # 180 - to find out any #
142	111 but try only if u hav patience !
143	## % some one please call 111 % % # have you ever heard a similar song from Wyclef John ? just on a lighter mood . customer care : 111 business line customer care : 8008000 Enquiries : 180 . goodluck !
144	111
145	911 :-RRB-
146	where to buy Sarees in Doha . hello everybody ; I was wondering where can I buy sarees -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- in Doha -LRB- the traditionnal Indian ones ; 100 % silk with hand made embrodery : e.g. the one used for weeding -RRB- I did a search on Google but could n't find anything ! I really appreciate your help thanks DHW
147	there are a lot of shops in national area ; near Q-tel signal . Bombay Silks is one such shop where you ll get all kind of sarees ...
148	try Bombay silk and other shops in that area . .
149	hey man ; you asked she answered ; now the best or not the best well ... tough question ... just kidding ... anyways ; PARTHAS ; Bombay silk ; s Dulhan ; are all good places to buy Sarees ... or you could do the Lulu Hypermarket instead where they have a saree station ... lol cheers ...
150	you don & # 8217 ; t get the original hand embroidery sarees here . you cant get 1005 silk sarees in Bombay Silks ; & # 160 ;D ulhan & # 160 ; or the saree shop in Lulu centre . & # 160 ; & # 160 ; are you going to ware it as saree or to stitch some dress with that saree -LRB- many Arab woman do that -RRB- you get good quality embroidered silk clothes in Al Dana centre in the souq
151	u can get them at Bombay silk center and they even have them at Lulu . no human can stop racism .
152	& # 160 ; all the 3 places PARTHAS ; bonbay Silks ; & dhulan have a good choise the ones at Lulu r ok the material was not too good
153	: : any programs for onam : : . hi mallus ... advanced onam wishes . . any programs / stage shows for this coming onam ? . .
154	EMN betalaal ... I was talkin abt climibing banana tree and plucking the banana leaves ... :-LRB- when it comes to food ; I really and whole heartedly respect it my priend .
155	white Saree ; ya ya the galz really look very beautiful in it . but when it rains and they wearing white saree looks awesome .
156	wife residency visa . hi ; my wife was on a visit visa ; today ; her residency visa was issued ; so I went to immigration and paid 500 so there is no need to leave the country and enter again on the residency visa . she has done her medical before for the visit visa extension ; do we need to do the medical again for the residency visa ? thanks
157	yes . you need to go again to the medical commission for the medical . but this time no more x-ray . after the result came out . go to the CID for the finger Printing . after the result ; you can go to immigration -LRB- gate 2 -RRB- for the visa stamping and ID .
158	yes ; you have to do both x-ray and blood test . please also go to clinic or whatever to get your blood group . I just finished all process and got 3 years visa . good luck for you and your wife .
159	yes ; need to go medical commission again for permanent resident visa .
160	can a person wear Dhoti -LRB- mundu -RRB- while travelling2Qatar . can anyone advise whether can an aged person travelling to Qatar from Kerala can wear Kerala style mundu -LRB- Dhothi -RRB- . is it prohibited by law ?
161	ya why not bring some coconuts with you too no problem habibi
162	ok as long as it stays in place during a sand storm ; and he does not lift it to cover his face instead .
163	friend no need to check anybody ; I brought my father many times here ; he is only wearing dhothi ; friends ; each country have their own culture and traditional wears ; please respect ; it is better than some shots which some body wearing in public ;
164	H . do n't think there 's any issu . ou do n't need to check anywher . see travellers dressed in dhotis all the tim . ust get your dad here and have a great time togethe . ts my dream too to bring my parents back to Qatar to stay with me inshalla . nd ignore all the silly post . hey were made by silly people :--RRB-
165	he can wear what he likes . hope he has a safe journey and enjoys his stay . .
166	respect countries culture ; do not wear things which cause other peoples inconvenient like lungi ; dhoti ; cheddi bla bla . wearing pant or jeans is not difficult task .
167	toys for adults ? before anyone comments - I know this is a Muslim country and certain things are forbidden here . but one of our friends is getting married and we want to play some pranks on him n her . so does anyone know if there is any shop in Doha that sells toys for adults or sex toys ? just lem me know . thnx
168	I think it is difficult to get them here in Doha .
169	not possible
170	err ; I do n't think you 'll find it here ...
171	impossible ...
172	as you 've said this is a Muslim country ; no chance for such things like tha . ARAMMMMMMMMMM !
173	lego blocks . where can I find/buy lego blocks here in Qatar ? tried toys r us ; Villagio ; City center and Landmark but to no avail .
174	my brother has a collection of original lego blocks and we buy it from Carrefour ; although lately we have n't seen any lego products from the malls here in Doha ; we even tried toys r us but to no avail .
175	duty free . ok ; I know that you ca n't bring booze into the country . & # 194 ; & # 160 ; is there anything that should be brought in through duty free ?
176	porn and pork . that is 3 of my favourite things banned .
177	the 2 P 's pretty much sum it up and obviously no sex toys -LRB- unless you 're married apparently -RRB- ; weapons ; or drugs
178	big problem . hi ; I have a problem . months ago I went out of Dubai because I had a problem with my employer ; and also because a friend of mine hi died in Dubai . now when I go out of there I had a loan and 2 credit cards ; but I do n't pay them because I had no money . now I received a job in Doha Qatar . . is possible for me to go in Qatar and to pay my loan and credit cards from Dubai ?
179	yes you can ... good luck
180	is there a problem for me ? is there a problem for me here in Qatar having positive for aids ?
181	if the authorities are aware you will either not be allowed into Qatar or you will be deported from Qatar asap
182	hugging a female friend . hi friends ; I am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in Qatar . she is also an expat like me . will I be arrested or land in trouble if I greet her with a hug ?
183	I prefer to avoid in other public settings ; you can never be sure of these things .
184	yes better to avoid hugging in public ... even holding hands ...
185	physical show of love/affection towards each other by adult opposite sexes in public is something that should to be avoided in Qatar for obvious reasons . if the reason was not obvious ; you would n't have asked this question .
186	I think in the airport it 's ok . .
187	where can I go running ; other than the cornich ?
188	Aspire Academy .
189	you can go to Aspire too . .
190	Aspire has a nice lake to jog around .
191	other than Corniesh ; mmmm try Al-Corniesh
192	you can go to Dahel Alhamaam park ; it 's nice and quiet place .
193	join the hash house Harriers ! PM me for details ; or find us in Marhaba book
194	streets of Doha !
195	guys help me if you can . I got a speed fine . my car was clocked doing 91km/hr . I want to Contest that fine . how do I best do that ? I have never driven over the limit ever . I respect the speed limit here and everywhere I drive . it is so unfair . ta .
196	moi.gov.qa
197	moving to Qatar from the UK . hey there ; I 'll be heading out to Qatar later this year . does anyone know if my UK TV set will work in Qatar ? not sure whether to ship or sell ... thanks ; c
198	its better to buy a new one ...
199	if your TV runs on 240 Volts and is PAL it will work in Qatar . the whole f ** king electricity system here is British .
200	cs2009 ; yes your TV will work here ; its a 220/240v 50Hz supply out here so all of your electrodomestics will be ok ; however if you 've got to pay the shipping yourself I would think twice because there are some great bargains to be had on LCD \ plasma sets at the moment .
201	IKEA . hi all ; is there any IKEA showroom in and around Doha ? kindly reply thank you
202	in Doha no . . in Kuwait yes . . in Dubai yes . .
203	not right now but it 's coming very soon !
204	there are no IKEA outlets in Doha at present .
205	sorry to say no ; as for your transporting furniture here ; that depends on what type of resedence you will get over here ? as normly you will be given a furnished flat/villa
206	Doha aquarium . I know I just asked a similar question but is the aquarium in Doha open ? thanks :-RRB-
207	there was an aquarium some 20 years back . now the whole place is under renovation .
208	Tipping ? do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 -20 percent .
209	2 QAR at fuel and 5 to 10 at dinner depending on service .
210	5 -10 riyals tops regardless of my bill ! lesser the luxury more the tips ! -LRB- I menat the hotel and not the service ! -RRB- I have to make a big conversation similar to the one in '' Reservoir dogs '' before I actually end up tipping ! lols
211	business meeting ? guys ; I 'm just enquiring about what one should wear to business meetings in Doha ? are there certain things a man should or should n't wear -LRB- serious replys only - not like a man should n't wear a dress -RRB- ! thanks - Gino
212	Qatari uniform
213	but yea right a suit @IMG
214	a formal suit with tie is the best for a business meeting even in this 48 degree temp people ware suit in this country ... dont ware jeans/casuals
215	depends on whom u gon na meet . . if its a normal person u can go in formals . . but he is in an important post . . suit is always a gud option . .
216	suit + tie even 45 degree temp .
217	GCC ban . if a person leaving Qatar for vacation doesnt return back from his country ; are there possibilities for GCC ban apart from the 2 year ban to Qatar ?
218	we covered this already ! but dont take my word for it as always ; being as I get my information from someone who gave you the facts from his daily job as a HR exec . you will be banned 2 years ... and considered someone who abandoned his job ... Salam
219	no GCC ban ...
220	then no ... unless you had a security deportation from Qatar a crime you committed ; you would also be blocked from GCC ... why not just work outside GCC ... ?
221	just what to ask if it is possible to work in Qatar if you we 're banned in Dubai ? tnx !
222	I believe you can work in Qatar after a 6 month period as opposed to the 2 year period you need to wait in the UAE .
223	unless banned B cos of criminal activity ; bank fraud
224	I need help from whoever has an iphone ... well ; I have an iphone that is cracked and works fine with everything except for the internet ... can somebody please provide me with the settings for the mobile internet or the edge settings ? thank you .
225	just go to Qtel if they have settings for the edge because service provider are the one who will give it . and for the wifi ; just connect it to any open wifi range . if ever ask for username and password ; just provide it . -LRB- if you dont now the password ; that is another proble .
226	can an American woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? hi ; I have a chance to relocate to Doha and would love to photograph the middle East bu ... can an American woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?
227	yes
228	you absolutely free . . welcome to Qatar any time and feel free
229	yes you can ! '' do what you like ! like what you do '' that 's what I 'm saying ... go ahead ur an American .
230	without a man you can travel anywhere inside Doha . yes ! it is not like America ; very safe country . nobody steal from you anything ; it 's 100 % guarantee . also ; out of Qatar you can travel . but ; you need exit permit . yes ; even a man from mass need exit permit once need to go out of Qatar . you are just an Amarican lady only .
231	if you stay less than month no need to have exit latter . only you need latter if u stay more than a month . . welecome and good day
232	lady 's are free to exit Qatar any time no need for any kinds of permanent
233	it depends on your visa . if you entered Qatar with the Vsit visa ; ou do n't need an exit permit . if you came on business visa and stay less than 1 month ; you still do not need a visa . if you came on business visa and stay more than 1 month ; you will need an exit permit . and if you have an RP here ; you will definitely need an exit permit from your sponsor ; unless you are under your husband 's sponsorship . whoever say '' lady 's do not need an exit permit '' ; have no clue what they are saying ... again ; all depends on your status here
234	you do n't need an exit permit I 'm an American woman and I have traveled many times without my husband . no problem . other nationalities ; unfortunately ; are not so lucky .
235	where can I buy workout/bodybuilding supplements besides the GNC shops ? can anyone help ? GNC has a small selection and is very expensive . thanks !
236	Al Mana Go-sport at Villagio used to have a decent selection ; though they were out of stock the last time I went there which was a few months back ...
237	just to let people know . I went to al-Merqab street today and the sport supplement shop there is closed . so I guess the only alternative left is GNC and perhaps Al Mana Go-sport at Villagio .
238	yeah ; it 's closed permanently . apparently there is also there is another shop called York sport Nutrition . they have two branches : York sports Nutrition -LRB- shop 1 -RRB- : Tel : @TEL 23 Al & # 8211 ; Jazeera st. & # 8211 ; Fariq Bin Mahmoud York sports Nutrition -LRB- shop 2 -RRB- : Tel : @TEL Bin Omran main road their webpage is @URL I have n't been there myself but I 'll try to go tomorrow .
239	check this out : @URL
240	why its very hard for Pakistani to get RP ? why its very hard like impossible for Pakistani to get RP now adays ?
241	well I dont know why they are doing so . the nations such as Pakistanis ; Indians ; Bangladeshis played a major role in developing Qatar and some sacrifice their whole life for this country but now in return westerns are enjoying better life ; more respect & high salaries then these ppls . . even now govt put ban on their entry ...
242	Terrorism
243	is tofu banned in Qatar ? I have tried to check all possible supermarkets in the whole Doha and I cant find a tofu . do you have any idea where I can get one ? please ; I cant live life without it . thank you !
244	Megamart
245	tofu is available at Megamart ; along with Scottish plain short breads ; Ferrero Rocher ; Guylian ; Merci and mor . -RRB- -RRB- sorry ; I was listing my favorites there . Salam
246	I had it yesterday . you can usually find it in the refrigerated section at Megamart .
247	more salary paying Gulf country ? in my view Qatar pay more salary for workers in Gulf region . my friend argu Kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?
248	United Arab Emirate .
249	Qatar is paying more salary
250	I think it is Qatar but I think bcos it is also the most costly place in Gulf .
251	I would say Qatar is paying more salary as compare to other Gulf countries .
252	I think it depends on your job but I would say the best payers are Saudi Arabia closely followed by Kuwait but neither of those places are pleasant enough to endure just for a few more bills in your pay cheque . the UAE pays ok and Abu Dhabi is a cheaper and more interesting place to live than Qatar .
253	yeah ; may be Qatar . simply because of the cost of living compared to other GCC countries much higher here . Saudi is not paying good salary for the workers . but the workers can enjoy free food and accommodation there with majority of employers .
254	Gulf business Magazine -LRB- circa Jan 27 - Feb 8 edition -RRB- featured Gulf salary survey 2009 . according to the survey ; Qatar is generaly paying more than other countries in GCC ; with Kuwait is among the worst . in the other hand ; for similar position ; Arab nationals is paid highest ; followed by western expatriate ; Arab expatriate then Asian expatriate .
255	work permit . how many days does it take to finish the processing of a work permit ?
256	just today I went for the workpermit medical . I think the process works as follows : 1 . your company applies online for WP and you get a piece of paper that it is issued . - max 1 week . 2 . they get a medical date - another week max . 3 . finger Printing - another 3-4 days . 4 . WP card - another 2-3 days . above days are just from my personal experience and may vary .
257	these are two different things . . Tepgam67 is asking about work permit while being on family visa . shapil is talking about residence permit . that 's what happens when unprofessional people try to give an advice . Tepgam67 ; if you have an RP here ; to obtain a work permit you need police clearance and the contract certified in MOL . how long it takes to finalize the process depends on several factors . ometimes it takes 3-4 days ; sometimes it takes 1 month and even more . if you do n't have an RP here -LRB- i.e. you are on 6 months family visa -RRB- ; you can not work ; and therefore you can not obtain a work permit .
258	where is Delhi sweets . when musheirib -LRB- National Area -RRB- existed ; there was one small sweet shop called Delhi sweets ; where we used to get good laddoos ; samosas and jalebis . but since that area got demolished ; more than a year back . I can not trace the shop ; dont know where they moved ; re-settled . does anyone knows ; where it is ? which location exactly . please advise . thanks .
259	they did not relocate/reopen . go with Bombay sweets behind Qatar Toyota building -LRB- old navigation building lane -RRB- .
260	have seen Delhi sweets in Doha Jadeed area ...
261	Rizk ; I was about to comment sam . t is really in Doha Jadeed ... :D
262	Doha airport V/s Doha malls . are the items inside Doha airport -LRB- duty free -RRB- cheaper compared to those that are sold inside the malls ?
263	oh ok ; my bad ! I read it wrongly ! I think its cheaper in duty free but not much of a difference .
264	babysitting in Doha . hi all . . we have a young baby -LSB- 2 months old -RSB- . my wife has to resume work by the middle of September . we are looking for babycare options here . is there any babysitting facility available in Doha ?
265	there is a regulated nursery service in Doha but at premium rates and difficult to obtain a place ; and now due to new regulations there are a reduced number of places . but with careful search you should be able to find a nursery place . do ask to see their Ministry registration . outside of this there is the home provision by employing a nanny ; which is a costly activity initially . there is also many who will offer the service privately unregulated . its your choice who you trust this small child with . child care should be planned proir to the babys birth . we have nine months to plan for this day and children deserve the best decisions from us . check Doha mums website . good luck .
266	we accept baby sistting service link : @URL
267	tennis -LRB- club -RRB- . I am very interested to know if there are any expatriate tennis clubs in Doha that anyone can join ? I am at a decent standard and would like to play once / twice per week so joining a club would be ideal . if anyone -LRB- who is also at a decent level -RRB- would like a game then please drop me an e-mail and we can arrange something . thanks
268	ok ; no worries . maybe play at Shearton inside ? I am back in Doha this weekend so drop me a text next week on 589 7136 to organise . cheers
269	we normally play tennis at Khalifa tennis at least twice a week -LRB- Tuesday and Friday -RRB- ; but I would prefer to play for at least 3 times a week or even more . so ; if you are interested ; I could introduce you to some players so that we could play together . what nationality are you ? thanks and regards .
270	I also play tennis with some friends . I also want to join a club . I play at Khalifa tennis near Foodruckers and Bennigan 's . once you go mac ; you 'll never go back ! @URL @URL
271	hi - I wud love u play tennis as much as possible . so ; if you guys can use one more player ; please count me in . I can be reached at @EMAIL regards - Rana
272	table tennis . hello all I will be relocating from the UK to Qatar September time ; I currently play TT in the 3rd division of a local league . I have seen posts about TT but most are non-current - is there a league or TT clubs / nights in Doha ? I 'm keen to play . . Mike
273	visit Qatar bowling center during Thursday and Friday and you 'll find people playing TT there ...
274	I talked with the coach of club Al wakrah and they want a boys ages 7 to 8 . they will train your kid and even pay him and it 's good Enviroment . ya gat 10 clubs in total wakrah ; Al Jaish ; Al Garrafa to name a few .
275	park near Villagio . does anyone know the name of the park near Villagio mall ? thanks
276	Aspire zone
277	Aspire ... everybody is allowed to go to Aspire . we always spend our time with kids there in the evening .
278	Yep ; Aspire park . anyone can go and there 's always a good atmosphere . try a picnic on Thursday or Friday evening .
279	Aspire zone / Aspire park
280	Aspire ; ; ; ; really nice plac . fteral . ntry free . . -LRB- ana free jana free ; ; pakray gay tou khana free -RRB- sorry just a bad joke
281	are bachelors allowed in Villagio mall on Fridays ? hi am a bachelor here -LRB- decent Executive -RRB- and I want to watch a movie on Friday at the Villagio mall cinema can I go - I mean I heard Friday 's shopping malls are only for families etc . ; is this true ? pls do let me know best Harish
282	as per rules ; yes its family day on Fridays . but whether you would actually be barred from entry depends upon various factors like your nationality ; security guard on duty and your luck . :--RRB-
283	actually thats the rule ; but normally there is no problem for a well dressed decent guy .
284	personal loans from Islamic banks . hi QL frns ; is there any Islamic bank in Qatar which give personal loans ? I need loans without interest . appreciate comments .
285	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
286	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
287	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
288	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
289	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
290	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
291	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
292	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
293	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
294	yes dear Qatar Islamic bank . giving very low interest loan ... but mostly giving working in government departmen . UT you can try and see ... take care
295	smoke after dark during Ramadan ?
296	yes you can smoke after dark in public during Ramadan -LRB- whereever it is normally permitted -RRB- .
297	yes ; you can smoke after sunset during ramadhan ; as normal days . .
298	the Ramadan nights are not to smoke . to let go your sins .
299	yes ! you can smoke in public after sunset till dawn .
300	what does '' full package '' means ? There & # 180 ; s a job offer which states monthly salary '' QR 30 ; 000 full package . I just wanted to ask if this means 30 ; 000k plus housing ; Automobile and other expenses ; or if it means that the QR 30 ; 000 is the full package and from these you have to discount housing ; Automobile ; etc . thanks .
301	full package means including all the allowances -LRB- housing ; transport etc -RRB- its QR 30 ; 000 .
302	full pakage means ; this salry include everything ; and the company not paying any extra fee for anythings
303	except incentives and bonuses . on a lighter note - full package means a good face ; bank balance and nice figure .
304	yes dear ... this means your salary will include all other allowances as house allowance ; transportation allowance ; tickets and any other expenses . good luck - Mamoon
305	PhD salary range ? what is the normal salary for a PhD from UK in the government sector ?
306	Off-hand ? starting at 20 ; 000 QR/mo .
307	99.9 % of the poeple on QL do not have PhD so it is difficult to help you . but I think with little experience u should get at least QR 20k and with more experience at least QR .
308	any Carrefour ? is there any Carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .
309	go to Landmark or Carrefour market at Abu humor
310	Landmark and Abu hamoor branches are still open
311	in land mark and lagoona
312	Landmark
313	recently its opened a new Carrefour in abou Hamour . next to the Daar Al Salam coumpand . good luck .
314	Abu Hamour and Landmark branches are open
315	the one in Landmark .
316	you can go to Landmark or Carrefour market at Abu humor
317	abou Hamour are . ts open since may . .
318	abou Hamour area ; open since may .
319	Carrefour quick quiz . for a gold star and a seat at the front of the class ; who can name all the locations of Carrefour in Qatar ?
320	City center ; Landmark and Villagio .
